Top Starting Station Dashboard:
The top ten stations (January 2020) for starting a journey are as listed in order: Grove St. PATH, Sip Ave., Hamilton Park, Columbus Dr. at Exchange Pl., Harborside, Newport PATH, Marin Light Rail, Brunswick & 6th, and City Hall. Exact journey counts are listed in the visualizations. These locations are popular connections for other modes of transportation such as the train, bus, or PATH. It's important to take note of the proximity betweeen Jersey City and NYC. Many passengers may take the Citi Bikes as one mode of transportation once arriving from the PATH train as part of their work commute. Citi Bikes also covers the fastest distance from Point A to B in which other modes of transportation cannot cover.

Gender Breakdown Dashboard:
Listed are the gender breakdowns which list counts by the most popular starting stations, count by birth year of passengers, and peak hours for both genders for data collected in January 2020. In this data, there is higher male count for usage with Citi Bikes. However, across all analyses, there is similar ratios for most popular starting stations, birth year count, and peak hours. Most popular birth year for males are 1986 at a count of 1,101 and for females are 1987 at a count of 523. Peak hours are also similar for both genders. Peak hours for males are at 8am and 6pm. Peak hours for females are at 8am and 5pm. These are primary work hours for arriving to and leaving work, which shows heightened bike usage.

Popular Starting Stations vs. Ending Stations Maps Dashboard:
There is close similarity between both Starting Station and Ending Station maps with slight discrepancy between exact counts for usage. For example, there are more people ending at Grove St. PATH station than starting, with a count of 3,548 ending vs. 3,100 starting. Underlying trends are that most popular stops are in close proximity to other modes of transportations such as the bus, train, or PATH. This makes Citi Bikes ideal at these locations for commuting. It is also important to note how close NYC is with Jersey City, and the high amount of traffic for transportation uses, making Citi Bikes an ideal alternative.